README.md, before:

# 🚀Introducing Multi-Utility!

👋 Hello there, since you do not know what is Multi-Utility, let me explain that to you.

<br>

## 🤔 What is Multi-Utility and what is this all about? And most importantly why care downloading it?

Multi-Utility, as the name suggests, it is a program that **helps you change programs and settings** in your computer and do a lot of extra stuff that often come in handy one day or the another. It is a **Light-Weight tool** so you don't even have to care about the space it occupies. Nice right? And **why should you download**? As I said, this can come in handy and it is light-weight so, there is **no harm** in keeping this tool. So, be it a IT expert, Bill Gates or any normal user, this tool is **perfect for everyone**.

## Ok, you told me why should I download, tell me what are the features! I can't just download any random application and trust it!!!

Woah! Calm down. Let me explain.
<br>
See the thing is, it is a batch file. You don't trust me then see it's code. You will realise why you should have trusted me.
<br>
<img alt="I can be trusted: VirusTotal Page1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1665864f-9a5c-42ce-bf66-10b7244eff1d" />
<br><br>
<img alt="I can be trusted: VirusTotal Page2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8386aa13-7275-4875-bfea-d85591763872" />

## Hmm, you have gained my trust, but features and most importantly how to install?

To install this program you will need the .zip file extracted. I hope you know that.
<br>
Now click twice on the program InstallerMultiUtility.bat
<br><br>
![InstallerMultiUtility](https://github.com/Advay-CMD/Multi-Utility/blob/main/gif1.gif)
<br><br>
Now the app would have been launched... It will check for admin permisions, therefore, if you encounter a UAC(User Account Control) click the "Yes" button.
<br><br>
Make sure to not close the window and remain calm, it will start writing the data.

MD STILL IN PROGRESS

Commit message:

Update README with features
Added feature list

README.md, after:

# 🚀Introducing Multi-Utility!

👋 Hello there, since you do not know what is Multi-Utility, let me explain that to you.

<br>

## 🤔 What is Multi-Utility and what is this all about? And most importantly why care downloading it?

Multi-Utility, as the name suggests, it is a program that **helps you change programs and settings** in your computer and do a lot of extra stuff that often come in handy one day or the another. It is a **Light-Weight tool** so you don't even have to care about the space it occupies. Nice right? And **why should you download**? As I said, this can come in handy and it is light-weight so, there is **no harm** in keeping this tool. So, be it a IT expert, Bill Gates or any normal user, this tool is **perfect for everyone**.

## Ok, you told me why should I download, tell me what are the features! I can't just download any random application and trust it!!!

Woah! Calm down. Let me explain.
<br>
See the thing is, it is a batch file. You don't trust me then see it's code. You will realise why you should have trusted me.
<br>
<img alt="I can be trusted: VirusTotal Page1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1665864f-9a5c-42ce-bf66-10b7244eff1d" />
<br><br>
<img alt="I can be trusted: VirusTotal Page2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8386aa13-7275-4875-bfea-d85591763872" />

## Hmm, you have gained my trust, but features and most importantly how to install?

To install this program you will need the .zip file extracted. I hope you know that.
<br>
Now click twice on the program InstallerMultiUtility.bat
<br><br>
![InstallerMultiUtility](https://github.com/Advay-CMD/Multi-Utility/blob/main/gif1.gif)
<br><br>
Now the app would have been launched... It will check for admin permisions, therefore, if you encounter a UAC(User Account Control) click the "Yes" button.
<br><br>
Make sure to not close the window and remain calm, it will start writing the data.

After it is done, click any key to exit.
<br>
If you see your desktop, a shortcut will be present.
<br>

## ✨What are the features I will get in Multi-Utility?

Ah, there is a lot of them!
<br>

### ✨Features:
- Security Report
- Scan file for viruses
- System Scan
- System Information
- Network speed tester
- Add an Account
- Delete Account
- Format disk
- Courrupted PenDrive fixer
- CMD colour change
- Search Files
- File Hider
- File unhider
- Exit

<br>
A lot right?

## MD STILL IN PROGRESS
